Video games are experiencing rapid development.

Their artificial worlds are becoming more and more detailed and therefore more realistic, the stories they tell more and more complex.

In contrast to films, video games adapt individually to the viewers.

Now guess where the Hollywood of video games lies!

Not in America or Asia, certainly not in Germany, but in Poland.

This is also where the most eagerly awaited game of the year comes from.

The release of "Cyberpunk 2077" has been postponed several times, but now it is imminent.

We present the 57 years of history playing in the future and show you previously unpublished graphical material.

weird music You are player and storyteller.

What happens when the big corporations become even more powerful when they buy up all the small companies?

And what happens when the American president we have right now is re-elected ten more times?

Where does the journey go?

The journey goes to Night City, a Moloch on the American West Coast.

The city leaves you no choice.

Either you burn alive or you never existed.

"Cyberpunk 2077" is half film noir, half pessimistic science fiction.

Gangs spread chaos and terror, just like the private militias of huge corporations.

Typical for the genre, the game asks where humanity begins and where it ends.

Body modifications are the order of the day in Night City.

Our game reflects the end time capitalism, where the world is controlled by huge corporations.

For example, if we look at the police in our game, the NCPD, the Night City Police Department, whose jurisdiction basically ends where that of the corporations begins.

The technical possibilities are almost limitless.

State and moral structures have almost disappeared.

Miles Tost helped develop this dystopia.

He worked on it for about four years, together with 500 colleagues.

A mammoth project of the Polish developer studio "CD Projekt Red", made famous with the blockbuster game "Witcher 3".

The game about the sorcerer Geralt von Riva was so successful that it became stylistically the template for a Netflix series, the most successful in 2019.

When we started working on "Cyberpunk", I was also interested in a technological leap.

The most important thing was the immersion, that I, as a gamer, could dive into the world of "Cyberpunk".

We worked a lot on creating a high level of game flow.

When I move around the city as a player and meet new characters, I have no cuts, no interruptions.

As a player, I'm in the game all the time.

This leads to the fact that the experiences in the story touch me very much.

The player slips into the role of "V", a mercenary.

It's about overcoming one last limit: our finiteness.

"V" is in search of a biochip that promises eternal life.

That much is clear. The rest is up to the players on the inside.

Where did V grow up?

Which cyber implants will V be equipped with?

Boundaries also disappear in appearance and gender.

V can be male, female or even transgender.

Still a provocation for many and in catholic Poland a provocative topic.

I think that not only in Poland, but also especially in Poland, this has attracted a lot of criticism worldwide.

But as a studio we position ourselves very clearly.

As an individual, I also think it's very good that we do that.

Our studio advertises that we are an environment for creativity from all minds and from all walks of life and that we have a very open policy.

The studio positions itself clearly.

When women in Poland take to the streets against the tightened abortion law, Ciri from "Witcher 3" showed up with red lightning, the symbol of the protests.

A lot of women work at "CD Projekt Red".

For us it is important to really pay attention to all groups.

"CD Projekt Red" also stands for this other Poland, beyond the Catholic Church and the Pis party.

The country has become a creative hotspot for gaming.

Poland is the fourth largest exporter of video games, ahead of Germany and the USA.

I have been there for 7 years now.

What I noticed positively right at the beginning is that it's probably part of the Polish nature not to talk so much and not to have such a big mouth.

But the game is even bigger.

It has been created, at the latest since the pandemic, also in home offices all over the world.

Including old acquaintances: Trust me or not, I don't give a shit!

It's really the smallest of our problems.

Keanu Reeves has taken on a leading role.

You're history, asshole!

The players inside are thrown into this open world.

The possibilities to move around in the game are individual and impressive.

A gloomy, sad, but also exciting playground.

Unlike in films, we don't have a story that is told from A to B in a fixed way to the end.

Rather, the player can make decisions based on a variety of options in the game.

These decisions ensure that the story adapts, changes and develops differently.

What does it mean to be human in this world?

How do the players react? Do they give Royce the money?

Pistol shot It can also be pacifist: Here is the money on it!

What the players appreciate is that they are confronted with their own morals a little bit.

This results in a very personal story, because it depends very much on the moral compass of the player.

Nothing in the game is clearly black and white.

I was expecting him.

Like a good film noir, "Cyberpunk" knows all the grayscales and neon lights that are reflected in puddles.

A world in which a happy end is not intended.
